third-part-licenses:

crm License

This license applies to files in the following directories:
    erp-crm/bin
    erp-crm/auth
    erp-crm/center
    erp-crm/common
    erp-crm/crm
    erp-crm/logs
    erp-crm/saas
    erp-crm/system
    erp-crm/README.md
    erp-crm/.gitignore
    erp-crm/erpcrm.bat
    erp-crm/erpcrm.sh
    erp-crm/erpcrm-ui(exclude some files and codes in the following directories:
                      erp-crm/erpcrm-ui/src/api/erp
                      erp-crm/erpcrm-ui/src/views/erp)

    and also some files and codes in these directories:
    erp-crm/sql
    erp-crm/pom.xml

    and also some files and codes in the project(erp-crm) which about the erp.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 RuoYi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


erp License

This license applies to files in the following directories:
    erp-crm/erp
    erp-crm/erpcrm-ui/src/api/erp
    erp-crm/erpcrm-ui/src/views/erp

    and also some files and codes in these directories:
    erp-crm/sql
    erp-crm/pom.xml

    and also some files and codes in the project(erp-crm) which about the erp.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 RuoYi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
